Sara also asks how many keywords should
I have per ad group because I'm reading
conflicting information yeah I feel
theater even Google gives you the wrong
information 20 odd keywords per ad group
is not highly targeted especially when
you consider that Google will closely
match your even your exacts with plurals
so typically what I'd suggest is keep
you keep your ad groups as thin on
keywords as you possibly can if that
means you've got one keyword in one AD
group that's absolutely fine in doing so
you can tailor the advert copy and the
landing page perfectly to your keyword
so don't be afraid to go too granular
it's more effective yes it's it's more
work to manage and I appreciate on large
spends large accounts this is not quite
so straight forwards but you know it is
the most effective so it's about it's a
trade-off between performance and time
management on this front but always
tightly match your keywords and you know
if you must have a rule of thumb keep it
under tan because beyond that you're
going to struggle to keep all your
keywords related